c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\bin\x86\Debug\OxfordFace.exe.config
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\bin\x86\Debug\OxfordFace.exe
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\bin\x86\Debug\OxfordFace.pdb
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.dll
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Face.xml
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\obj\x86\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\obj\x86\Debug\OxfordFace_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\obj\x86\Debug\OxfordFace.g.resources
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\obj\x86\Debug\OxfordFace.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\obj\x86\Debug\OxfordFace.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\obj\x86\Debug\OxfordFace.exe
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\obj\x86\Debug\OxfordFace.pdb
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.dll
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.dll
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.VisualGestureBuilder.dll
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.dll
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Fusion.xml
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Tools.xml
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.VisualGestureBuilder.xml
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\bin\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.Wpf.Controls.xml
c:\users\josh\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\OxfordFace\OxfordFace\obj\x86\Debug\OxfordFace.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
